[melodic whistling]
[smacking]
[exhaling deeply]
thump!
both: WHOA!
- ♪ HERE WE GO 'CAUSE WE'RE
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ A LITTLE CUCKOO,
♪ WE'RE AMAZING,
TOTALLY CRAZY ♪
♪ FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
♪ COME ON, EVERYBODY, SING ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF OUR LUNGS ♪
♪ WE'RE GONNA FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ WE DON'T CARE IF YOU STARE ♪
♪ OR EVEN
LOOK AT OUR UNDERWEAR ♪
both: ♪ BRAIN ♪
♪ FREEZE ♪
♪ OOH ♪
♪ BRAIN FREEZE! ♪
- ♪ BUH-BUH, BAH,
BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH-BAH,
BUH, BAH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BAH, BAH, BAH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH-BAH,
BUH-BAH, BAH ♪
♪ COME AND SCREAM
AT THE TOP OF YOUR LUNGS ♪
♪ COME AND FLY
AND HAVE SOME FUN ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH ♪
♪ BUH-BUH, BAH, BAH,
FANBOY AND CHUM CHUM ♪
both: OH!
- THAT'S NICE.
[electronic music]
- [imitating a chimp]
YEAH, CHOMP IT!
YEAH, CHOMP, CHOMP!
THAT'S THE WAY TO CHOMP
AT CHIMP CHOMP!
[imitating a chimp]
[yells]
WHOA, I CHOMPED SO HARD,
I BLEW OUT MY WRISTBAND.
I BETTER GO HOME
AND GET A SPARE.
HEY, LENNY!
I'M GOIN' ON BREAK.
- YOUR WHOLE SHIFT IS A BREAK.
[rattling]
HUH?
- UGH, THAT SPACE
WAS TIGHTER THAN I THOUGHT.
- YEAH, BUT TOTALLY WORTH
HIDING OUT THERE FOR 36 HOURS
'CAUSE NOW'S OUR CHANCE
TO PLAY CHIMP CHOMP!
[jabbering]
both: YAY!
- WOW, THAT WAS
OUR BEST GAME YET.
I THINK WE PRESSED
EVERY BUTTON POSSIBLE.
- WHAT ABOUT THIS ONE?
IT SAYS, "RELEASE MONKEY."
- [giggling]
- RELEASE MONKEY?
I WONDER WHAT THAT DOES.
OH, IT RELEASES THE MONKEY.
- [shrieking]
[shrieking]
- [sighs]
- [shrieking]
- I DON'T BELIEVE IT.
CHIMP CHOMP'S REAL.
- WE BETTER GET HIM BACK IN
THE GAME BEFORE BOOG FINDS OUT.
- [shrieks]
- [gasps]
CHIMP CHOMP'S GETTING AWAY!
- [shrieking]
- HE'S ON THE ROOF!
- CHUM CHUM, LET'S GET THIS
PRIMATE BACK TO HIS CLIMATE.
wokka wokka wokka!
boink!
doodle-de-doo-doo!
wokka wokka wokka
wokka wokka wokka!
boink!
doodle-de-doo-doo!
wokka wokka boing!
wokka wokka
doodle-de-doo-doo!
da-da-da-da-da-da!
- WOW, THAT WAS
SURPRISINGLY UNPLEASANT.
- [shrieking]
- WHERE'S HE GOING?
- [singing circus music]
- [shrieks]
- [laughs]
A MONKEY!
I'M SURE TO GET INTO
CLOWN COLLEGE NOW!
[laughing]
[engine revving]
- OH, NO.
IF BOOG SEES THAT CHIMP CHOMP'S
MISSING FROM THE MACHINE,
HE'S GONNA DISH OUT
AN ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT BUFFET
OF BOPPING.
- NOT IF HE DOESN'T FIND OUT.
- AH.
OH, HELLO, BOOG.
YOU'RE BACK A BIT
EARLY FROM YOUR BREAK.
- CAN'T TALK.
I WANT TO PLAY CHIMP CHOMP
WHILE I STILL GOT THAT NEW
WRISTBAND SMELL.
- HEY, BOOG!
LOOK AT ME!
NOW LOOK OVER HERE.
WHAT'S UP?
NOW BACK TO ME.
NOW OVER HERE.
- HI.
- NOW BACK TO ME.
IS THIS YOUR CARD?
I'M JUGGLING FISH.
LOOK DOWN.
NOW BACK TO ME.
YOU'RE ON THE MOON.
YES, NO NEED
TO LOOK ANYWHERE ELSE
BUT RIGHT AT ME.
I'M ON A GOAT.
- [braying]
- HEY, SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT
WITH CHIMP CHOMP.
- [yelps]
NO, EVERYTHING'S THE SAME.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT, BOOG.
THERE'S LITTLE CHIMP CHOMP,
GOING, "BEEP, BEEP, BOOP."
- BEEP, BOOP, BEEP.
- YOU MEAN "BOOP, BOOP, BEEP."
- BEEP, BEEP, BEEP?
BOOP, BOOP, BEEP.
- OKAY, I'M CONVINCED.
COME ON, BABY.
I'M TAKING YOU BACK TO MY PLACE.
- WHAT?
I'M BRINGING HER HOME
FOR SOME R&R:
RESET AND REBOOT.
LENNY, I'M TAKING CHIMP CHOMP
HOME FOR THE WEEKEND.
- TODAY'S TUESDAY.
- THE WEEKEND COMES
WHEN I SAY IT COMES.
- FANBOY!
- CHUM CHUM!
I'LL COME FOR YOU!
[coughing]
NOW I'M ON A GOAT,
AND I'M CRYING.
CH-KAW!
HERE WE ARE.
CHATEAU DE BOOG.
I GOT A SPOT PICKED OUT FOR YOU
RIGHT NEXT TO THE OUTLET.
DON'T WORRY.
I BELIEVE IN SURGE PROTECTION.
[monkey-themed doorbell rings]
EXCUSE ME.
THAT'S MY DOORBELL.
LOVELY, HUH?
IT'S CALLED CHIMP CHOMP CHIME.
- DID SOMEONE CALL FOR
A CHIMP CHOMP REPAIRMAN?
- NO.
[monkey-themed doorbell rings]
- HELLO, I AM MAKING
CHIMP CHOMP CASSEROLE,
AND I AM ALL OUT OF CHIMP CHOMP.
CAN I--
- YOU CAN SUBSTITUTE
CORN STARCH.
[monkey-themed doorbell rings]
- I'M HERE TO TAKE CHIMP CHOMP
TO THE PROM.
- SHE COULD DO BETTER.
[monkey-themed doorbell rings]
- PLEASE, MISTER,
HAVE YOU SEEN MY CHIMP CHOMP?
CHOMP METER READING?
CHOMPLAND SECURITY?
FANBOY FOR CITY CHOMP-TROLLER?
- YOU'D THINK THINGS
WOULD BE QUIETER
LIVING NEXT DOOR
TO A COSTUME SHOP.
WHO ARE YOU?
- SIR, I'M FROM THE CENTER
FOR VIDEO GAME DISEASE CONTROL.
THERE IS AN OUTBREAK
OF DEADLY DISEASE
AFFECTING ALL
CHIMP CHOMP MACHINES.
- OH, NO.
I HAVE A CHIMP CHOMP
MACHINE RIGHT HERE.
- WELL, I'M AFRAID
I'LL HAVE TO CONFISCATE IT
FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY.
- THAT'S REASONABLE.
- YES, THAT DIGITAL
MONKEY FUNGUS
IS NOT SOMETHING
YOU WANT TO MESS WITH.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
DIGITAL MONKEY FUNGUS?
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SO?
I HAD IT VACCINATED LAST WEEK.
SEE?
HERE'S THE MARK RIGHT HERE.
- LAST WEEK?
REALLY?
'CAUSE I JUST MADE IT UP.
HOW 'BOUT THAT?
- SO CHIMP CHOMP'S FINE AND ALL.
SHE DON'T NEED YOU.
- NO, WAIT!
DON'T LEAVE ME!
- CHIMPY SAY WHA?
- UH, CHIMP CHOMP MEAN...
NICE DOCTOR COME ALL THE WAY OUT
HERE DESERVE BENEFIT OF DOUBT.
[imitates chimp]
HUH? HUH?
- CHIMP CHOMP!
ALL THESE YEARS
I BEEN TALKING TO YOU!
YOU FINALLY TALK BACK.
THIS IS THE GREATEST NIGHT
OF MY LIFE.
DOC, HOW CAN I EVER REPAY YOU?
- WELL, YOU COULD LET ME
TAKE CHIMP CH--
- NO CHANCE!
ALONE AT LAST.
OH, CHIMP CHOMP, HOW I'VE
WAITED TO HEAR YOUR SWEET VOICE.
NOW THAT YOU HAVE
A THIRD-GRADE VOCABULARY,
WE CAN FINALLY COMMUNICATE
AS TWINNED SOULS.
ANOTHER CHEESE-DIPPED QUARTER?
- UH, CHIMP CHOMP
CAN'T EAT ANOTHER BITE.
- ALL RIGHT.
WE'LL SAVE THE CHOCOLATE DIMES
FOR LATER.
[clanking]
- CHIMP CHOMP THIRSTY.
CHIMP CHOMP WANT DRINK.
[imitates chimp]
- OH, OF COURSE.
COMING RIGHT UP.
I HAVE A SPECIAL TREAT.
I BOUGHT BANANA JUICE.
- YOU MEAN
THIS IS MY REFRIGERATOR
IN MY APARTMENT,
AND THAT IS MY BANANA JUICE.
AND THIS IS MY
FOUR-DAY-OLD CHINESE TAKEOUT.
- OH, I ATE THAT THREE DAYS AGO.
I LEFT YOU THE BOX, THOUGH.
crash!
HM?
EH.
- I'VE HAD IT.
WHEN I ASKED YOU
TO HELP ME MOVE,
I DIDN'T MEAN
MOVE YOUR STUFF IN
AND PUT ME IN THE LINEN CLOSET.
- OH, THAT REMINDS ME.
I'M PADLOCKING YOU IN TONIGHT.
I GOT COMPANY.
- WHAT IF I GOT TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM?
- THAT'S WHAT THE CRISPER'S FOR.
OH!
HEY, BABY.
- [yawns]
CHIMP CHOMP TIRED.
BOOG GO TO BED NOW.
[imitating a chimp]
- SURE.
RIGHT AFTER WE WATCH TV.
HERE.
STRETCH OUT ON THE COUCH.
NOW, I NEED A PLACE TO SIT.
I'LL JUST SIT IN THIS ARMCHAIR
I DON'T REMEMBER BUYING.
THIS NEW CHAIR IS PRETTY SWEET,
BUT I THINK I WANT TO
PUT MY FEET UP.
I WONDER IF IT DOES MASSAGE.
- NO, IT DOESN'T.
- THAT'S OKAY.
- A LOCAL SCHOOLTEACHER
APPEARS TO BE THE LATEST VICTIM
OF THE RUNAWAY APE THAT HAS BEEN
TERRORIZING THE CITY.
- [gibbering]
GET A GRIP ON YOURSELF.
THE RINGMASTER'S COMING FOR
DINNER AND I MADE PEANUTS.
- [laughs]
THAT MONKEY'S BOPPING STUFF.
HEY, IT KIND OF LOOKS
LIKE CHIMP CHOMP.
BUT THAT CAN'T BE
BECAUSE YOU'RE HERE,
SAFELY BY MY SIDE.
HEY, A SHOW ABOUT BOOKS.
[snores]
- I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
- THANK GOODNESS.
I'M EXHAUSTED.
BOOG PLAYED ME ALL THE WAY
TO LEVEL 15.
- LEVEL 15?
HOW WAS IT?
- IT WAS AWESOME!
- AWESOME?
OOH, THAT DOES SOUND AWESOME.
[rooster crowing]
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE MADE IT
ALL THE WAY TO LEVEL 2!
- BEEP, BEEP.
FANBOY, KEEP IT DOWN
OR WE MIGHT WAKE UP BOOG.
- YEAH, AND THEN
HE MIGHT BOP YOU.
- EXACTLY.
HE PROBABLY WILL BOP YOU.
[yelling]
UH-OH.
- JUST TELL ME WHERE
THE REAL CHIMP CHOMP IS,
AND NOBODY GETS HURT.
- UH, LOOK UP.
LOOK DOWN.
I'M ON A GOAT!
- [brays]
- LOOKS LIKE I'M WORKING A
DOUBLE SHIFT AT THE BOP FACTORY.
- [whimpering]
RELEASE MONKEY?
I WONDER WHAT DOES.
OH, IT RELEASES THE MONKEY.
[shrieking]
- CHIMP CHOMP!
IS THAT YOU?
[yelling]
[laughter]
- SO LONG, BOOG.
HAVE FUN WITH THE GORILLA
YOUR DREAMS.
- YEAH, GOOD LUCK GETTING
THAT MONKEY OFF YOUR BACK!
OH, OR IS THAT YOUR BUTT?
- EITHER WAY, IT DOES
LOOK PRETTY PAINFUL.
WE BETTER GO.
- [yelling]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
LENNY, GET OUT HERE AND HELP ME!
- HOLD YOUR HORSES.
I'M ON THE CRISPER.
- HOW AM I EVER GOING TO
PASS THIS TEST?
UGH.
INTRODUCTION TO SPELLS
AND CHARMS.
WANDWORK 101.
GETTING FAMILIAR
WITH FAMILIARS.
OH, I'LL NEVER GET BACK
INTO MILKWEED.
crash!
- WOW!
THAT WAS THE COOLEST JUMP EVER!
- [whimpering]
- OH, HEY, KYLE.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN THE BOTTOM
OF SNAKE RIVER CANYON?
- WELL, I WAS STUDYING
FOR THE M.A.T.s.
- M.A.T.s?
WHAT'S THAT?
- AND A FOLLOW-UP QUESTION:
WHAT IS STUDYING?
- M.A.T.s, THE MILKWEED
ADMITTANCE TEST.
ONCE I PASS THE EXAM,
I INTEND TO REMATRICULATE
AT MY ALMA MATER POSTHASTE.
- KYLE'S TALKING GIBBERISH.
- SOUNDS LIKE SOMEONE'S
BLOOD SUGAR'S A LITTLE LOW.
COME ON, CHUM CHUM.
LET'S GO BAKE
KYLE A STUDY SNACK.
HOPE YOU LIKE LEFTOVERS.
ALL WE FOUND WAS THIS CONTAINER
THAT SAYS "FLAN.
DO NOT OPEN
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES."
BUT YOU LOOK PRETTY HUNGRY,
SO I'LL MAKE AN EXCEPTION.
- NO, NO--DON'T OPEN--
[burbling]
- OH, NO, NO, NO.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
- WELL...
IF IT ISN'T
KYLE BLOODWORTH THOMASON.
- HELLO, PROFESSOR FLAN.
YOU'RE LOOKING WELL.
- NO THANKS TO YOU.
FIRST YOU TURN ME
INTO RASPBERRY FLAN.
THEN YOU STUFF ME IN A CONTAINER
AND TOSS ME IN THE ICEBOX.
I ALMOST EXPIRED,
I TELL YOU.
- OH, I WAS JUST SIMPLY
PRESERVING YOUR WIZARDRY PROWESS
SO THAT, YOU KNOW,
FUTURE GENERATIONS COULD,
YOU KNOW, ENJOY YOU
AND TASTE YOU AND--
- OH, STOP KISSING MY BEHIND.
THEN TELL YOUR FRIENDS
TO STOP NIBBLING IT.
both: HM?
- I KNOW ALL ABOUT YOUR PLANS
TO GET BACK INTO MILKWEED.
WELL, I HAVE A PLAN OF MY OWN.
I SHALL RETURN TOMORROW TO
ADMINISTER YOUR TEST PERSONALLY.
AND YOU HAD BETTER GET
EVERY SINGLE QUESTION CORRECT
OR YOU WILL NEVER SEE
THE HALLOWED HALLS
OF MILKWEED ACADEMY AGAIN!
[laughs]
OH, SORRY.
THAT HAPPENS A LOT NOWADAYS.
OH.
RIGHT.
WHERE WAS I?
NEVER MIND.
GOOD DAY!
splat!
- OH, HEAVENS.
I CAN'T POSSIBLY GET
MY STUDIES DONE IN TIME.
- WHY DON'T YOU DO WHAT WE DO?
FAIL.
- YEAH, THEN YOU CAN STAY
IN MR. MUFFLIN'S CLASS
WITH US...
both: FOREVER.
- CHEAT!
THAT'S WHAT I NEED TO DO.
I'VE GOT IT!
CRIB NOTES.
OH, NECRONOMICON.
I NEED THE SPELL FOR CRIB NOTES.
- CRIB NOTES?
OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, DEAR BOY.
I WON'T BE PARTY TO CHEATING.
IT'S WRONG, WRONG--
- OH, RUBBISH.
SHUT YOUR HOLIO
AND OPEN YOUR FOLIO.
AH, HERE WE ARE.
CRIB NOTES.
CHEATER, CHEATER,
PUMPKIN EATER,
CRIBBITY, BIBBITY,
A WAM BAM BOO!
[coughing]
- HEY!
KYLE TURNED INTO A CRIB.
- NO, I DIDN'T.
I'M IN HERE.
- [gasps]
- KYLE!
YOU'RE A BABY.
- OH, NO.
WHAT HAPPENED TO ME?
- IF YOU'D BOTHERED TO READ,
YOU'D SEE THAT'S THE WAY
THE SPELL WORKS.
FIRST THE WIZARD BECOMES A BABY,
THEN HE MUST FALL ASLEEP
IN THE ENCHANTED CRIB.
ONLY THEN
WILL THE CRIB NOTES APPEAR.
- WELL, THAT'S EASY ENOUGH.
JUST SCOOTCH DOWN WITH YOUR
BINKY AND YOUR BLANKIE.
- AND TAKE THE CLOUD FERRY
TO SLEEPYTIME ISLAND.
- [crying]
- AW, WHAT'S WRONG, BABY KYLE?
- I DON'T KNOW.
IT SEEMS I'M NOT
SUFFICIENTLY FATIGUED.
- BABY KYLE, WE CAN'T UNDERSTAND
YOUR BABY GIBBERISH.
NO, WE CAN'T.
- I'M NOT TIRED.
- MAYBE BABY WANTS TO BE HELDED.
- OH, DOES SOMEBODY WANT TO GO
UP-UMS?
- YES, YES.
I WANT TO BE HELD.
- UH, I CAN'T SEEM TO--
- CAREFUL!
- I'M TRYING!
- HE'S TOO SLIPPERY.
I NEED BABY POWDER.
NOT BABY OIL!
- WOULD YOU PLEASE PUT ME--
[chain saw roaring]
WAS THAT A CHAIN SAW?
- JUST GO WITH IT, KYLE.
WE'RE IN A GROOVE.
- PUT ME BACK IN MY CRIB
AT ONCE!
- YOU HEARD HIM, CHUM CHUM.
BIG FINISH!
[singing circus music]
- WHOA!
[roaring]
both: TA-DA!
crash!
- YOU OKAY THERE?
- CRAWL IT OFF, KYLE, BABY.
- THERE, THERE, BABY KYLE.
YOU'LL SLEEP BETTER ONCE
YOU HAVE A NICE FULL TUMMY.
OKAY, OPEN WIDE.
HERE COMES THE AIRPLANE.
- I MAY BE IN DIAPERS,
BUT I'M NOT DAFT.
THAT IS A SPOON,
NOT AN AEROPLANE.
- I KNOW.
THIS IS JUST FOR
DIRECTING CHUM CHUM.
HE'S IN THE AIRPLANE.
[plane rumbling]
GROUND CREW TO CHUM CHUM,
YOU ARE CLEAR FOR APPROACH
ON VECTOR 2-0-9er, OVER.
- COPY THAT, GROUND CREW.
TARGET'S IN SIGHT.
ARMING THE PAYLOAD.
WE HAVE TARGET LOCK.
- COMMENCE FEEDING.
- OH, NO.
NO, NO.
NO!
OOF!
[yells]
MAKE HIM STOP.
MAKE HIM STOP!
- WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
ABORT MISSION.
TARGET IS BEING FUSSY.
I REPEAT, ABORT.
- I CAN'T PULL UP.
I'M GOING DOWN!
boom!
SORRY, SARGE.
LOOKS LIKE I MISSED MY TARGET.
- AT EASE, CHUM CHUM.
WE STILL GOT PLAN BRAVO.
WE ARE GO FOR CHOO-CHOO TRAIN.
[horn blasting]
- [screaming]
[creaking]
JUST CONJURE THE CRIB NOTES
AND YOU'LL PASS THE TEST.
M.A.T.s.
- KYLE, YOU'LL NEVER GO TO SLEEP
IF YOU KEEP TWITCHING LIKE THAT.
- WHEN I WAS A BABY,
I LIKED TO BE ROCKED TO SLEEP.
- ROCKED TO SLEEP--
OF COURSE!
IT'S SO OBVIOUS.
HELLO, KYLE'S CRIB!
- WHAT THE--
[cheers and applause]
- ARE YOU READY TO GET ROCKED?
- OH, PLEASE, NO.
- ♪ YEAH ♪
[aggressive rock music]
♪ ♪
- ♪ WAH ♪
- PLEASE, NO.
OH, BE CAREFUL.
PLEASE DON'T DROP ME.
- KYLE!
♪ WAH-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA-LA ♪
FEELING SLEEPY YET?
KYLE?
- NO!
- GUYS, CAN SOMEONE PASS THE
BABY BACK TO THE STAGE, PLEASE.
BABY BACK TO THE STAGE.
THANK YOU.
ROCK ON.
- OOF!
AH!
SOMEONE STOLE MY PACIFIER.
- I LOVE EVERYONE!
WHOO-HOO-HOO!
[cheers and applause]
- IT WORKED.
KYLE'S FINALLY ASLEEP.
- OKAY.
BE REAL QUIET.
- YOU GOT IT.
BE REAL QUIET ON THREE.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
- ♪ GOTTA BE REAL QUIET ♪
♪ KYLE'S TRYING TO SLEEP ♪
♪ TRYIN' TO GET,
TRYIN' TO GET ♪
♪ TRYIN' TO GET TO MILKWEED ♪
♪ GOTTA BE REAL QUIET ♪
♪ GOTTA HUSH TO SLEEP ♪
[birds twittering]
KYLE?
KYLE.
- [groans]
- TIME TO WAKE UP.
YOU DID IT.
YOU SLEPT FOR FIVE MINUTES.
FEEL REFRESHED?
- WOW, YOU HAD
SOME GROWTH SPURT.
- HUH?
WHAT?
I'M BACK TO NORMAL!
THAT MUST MEAN THE CRIB NOTES
ARE HERE.
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
BUT THEY'VE GOT TO BE!
I FELL ASLEEP IN THE CRIB.
B-BA.
BABA.
ABA.
CACA.
GAGA.
- UH, YOU OKAY,
NORMAL-SIZED KYLE?
- I'M TALKING LIKE A BABY.
HOW AM I GOING TO TAKE
THE TEST
IF I CAN'T STOP
TALKING LIKE A BABA--CACA--
LIKE A BABY?
- WAIT A MINUTE, KYLE.
SAY THAT AGAIN.
- DADADA--BABA--
- THAT'S NOT BABY TALK.
- THOSE ARE TEST ANSWERS.
- AH?
BA--
BACA.
B-A-C-A.
OH, I SEE.
- OH, MY, MY, MY.
WELL, THEN.
IT WOULD SEEM AS THOUGH
YOU'VE ANSWERED
EVERY QUESTION CORRECTLY.
- I DID IT!
MILKWEED, HERE I COME!
[menacing laughter]
AND WHEN I FINALLY COMPLETE
MY STUDIES
AND BECOME THE MOST POWERFUL
PRETEEN WIZARD
THIS WORLD HAS EVER SEEN,
I SHALL USE MY SKILLS
TO TURN YOU INTO A PLUM PUDDING
AS I ORIGINALLY INTENDED.
HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT,
FATTY-FAT FLANNY-FLAN?
[laughs]
- HOWEVER, IT SEEMS
THAT IN TAKING THE EXAM,
YOU FAILED TO USE
A NUMBER TWO WAND.
- [deflates]
- THEREBY RENDERING ALL YOUR
CORRECT ANSWERS NULL AND VOID.
READMITTANCE...
- [screams]
- DENIED!
[laughs]
OOH, THAT FELT GOOD.
I DO SO LOOK FORWARD TO DENYING
YOU AGAIN IN THE FUTURE, KYLE.
FATTY-FATTY FLANNY-FLAN OUT!
splat!
[slurping]
- AW, POOR KYLE.
LET'S CHEER HIM UP.
- YOU'RE RIGHT.
LET'S CHEER HIM UP ON THREE.
ONE, TWO, THREE!
♪ LET'S CHEER HIM UP ♪
♪ HE'S FEELING REAL DOWN ♪
♪ 'CAUSE A GIANT
FLAN CUSTARD ♪
♪ LEFT HIM IN OUR TOWN ♪
♪ HE'S STUCK, HE'S STUCK,
HE'S STUCK ♪
♪ HE'S NEVER GETTIN' OUT ♪
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
[melodic whistling]
- WHOA!
[quirky electronic music]
♪ ♪
[melodic whistling]